We are going to get the answers to
the digital growth engine test.
How much does each customer generate?
It is a very important metrics that
since knowing well is the customer
lifetime value.
How much do we earn with each customer?
The important thing here is to consider
the difference between the previous
question and this one.
We were talking about how much we
generate from the income.
Now we ask how much
we earn.
The difference between billing and
earning or between income
and profit is very important.
The most appropriate metrics are the
customer lifetime value minus
the car.
The customer lifetime value
report...
The correct answer is C and I
will explain it.
In A and B we are talking about
a period of time.
The customer lifetime value indicates
the value that a customer generates
throughout his or her life.
What is the customer lifetime
value?
of the ARPU.
The ARPU is the income generated by
a customer over a medium period of time.
So, if the lifetime or average
time stays within a customer
too, and the churn rate is
the percentage of customers
who drop off over a period
of time.
These three variables affect
or have an impact on the customer
lifetime value.
The churn rate is the percentage
of customers who give up, correct.
To calculate the CAC, the following
variables must be taken into account.
What we invest directly in customer
capture, yes, the number of
customers captured as well,
and the costs associated with
customer capture such as
marketing staff.
All the answers are correct.
The CAC is actually calculated by
summing up all the investment
you have made in customer
capture, either directly or indirectly,
such as marketing staff, and
dividing it by the number
of customers captured.
There should always be a balance
between the customer lifetime value,
that is, what we get for a long-
rise customer and what it costs
us to capture it.
Can the customer lifetime value
be calculated?
Both options are correct.
On the one hand, we can calculate
it as what we get for a customer
in a year, and we multiply
it by the number of years of
average that a customer remains.
And we could also calculate
it as what we get for a customer
of average in a year, by the
chance rate, by the percentage
of customers who give
off.
This is a slightly more sophisticated
way but we have come to the
same result.
Increasing the customer lifetime
value gives us room to
increase the cost of capture.
If we get more for each
of our customers, what
allows us to invest more
in the acquisition of
each of them.
We will think of the ARPU of a social
network and the ARPU of an e-commerce.
Well, because in a social network
you actually get a low income
for each of the customers.
What happens is that you have millions of
customers and it is also that it has cost
you very little to capture them because
you benefit from virality.
But the ARPU is lower than that of
an e-commerce.
In an e-commerce you monetize
very directly with larger margins
than in a social network.
It is easier to grow the higher
the target CAC.
This is a matter that you must understand
well.
If you can afford to capture,
let's put an example, at $10
instead of $5, that target CAC
allows you to invest in
more capture channels,
diversify, take more risks
or invest more aggressively.
Therefore, the higher the CAC you can
afford, the more you will grow and
the more reach you will have.
In the pay growth engine,
the goal is to maximize the margin.
The customer electronics is correct.
And also, the lower the CAC payback,
that is, the sooner we recover
the investment, the sooner
we can reinvest in capture channels,
correct.
And the last thing we say here is
that if the CAC payback is very low,
imagine that we get the investment
back in 15 days or a week.
He says, we could finance all growth
with our own operations
without the need for additional
funding.
It is also true.
Always getting extra funding
allows you to catch faster.
But if what we have is a business
in which we make
a profit, say we recover
the investment very quickly,
we could finance all the
growth simply with the company'
s own operations.
How much do we multiply our
marketing investment?
We can tell if we divide,
if the customer left hand value
between what we have invested
in each of the customers.
Hawkers' growth engine is
paying.
The growth engine of a company
like ActiCampaign, which is software
as a service, is a marketing
automation software that
companies use, which is it?
The key is that the engine is
sticky or sticky.
Why is?
Because usually this type of
company benefits from high
exchange costs and customers
of these companies that use
this type of software ultimately
use it for a very high
period of time.
The growth engine of a social network
is clearly viral.
Social networks try to invest
as little as possible in each version
of customers because the use
of the social network allows them
to generate new customers.
When a company grows as a social
network virally, the CAC is usually
very low, effectively.
Keep in mind that if the
virality coefficient is higher than
one, you could grow almost without
investing in your customer attraction.
And, in addition, you could have users
with a very low customer left hand.
Also, if it has cost you very
little to capture each of the
customers, you could have millions
of users and you't have
the need to get a high income
for each of them.
So both are correct.
The growth engine of an audiovisual
content platform or
Netflix or HBO is clearly
a sticky or sticky engine.
The only thing they have to do is ensure
that you as a customer never give up.
That is the key to management.
And finally, the key metrics
you should monitor when your
growth engine is sticky, what
is it?
This is the chant rate.
As we said before, what you
have to monitor permanently,
what you have to manage is
that they don't let you down.
This is really the main
growth momentum.